One what is the presentation?
2. Intro to functions

 Questions to address;
Can music composition or analysis, and indeed any artistic discipline, be considered part of a natural, human or artificial system?

Once music is considered from an interdisciplinary perspective, as is provided by and algorithmic, computational, approach, a rich potential for a new understanding of artistic creation (as a complex system?) The peers.

Such a horizon is worth exploring in order to fit artistic activity take art out of an academic or societal monoculture and situated more squarely at the center of 21st-century values and thought.

Exploring the ways in which musical structures and processes reflects the processes that exist in the science of complexity is one way to begin the process of restoring parts place as integral to contemporary society

I am interested in any way of thinking or "methods" that will positively affect my decisions about making music. Marxist musicology/cognitive science of music/psychology of music/semiotics of music/metaphor environment are useful mostly at a particular level or scale of decisions about making music. We might say that a very coarse-grained, it's me and for my understanding of the broad outline of western music, or larger cultural significance of a technical turn in the works of the 20th century; how will it affect my approach to behind D-flat at the end of the next measure? Considerably less pertinent, though I will not allow that through some nebulous, diffuse "interconnectedness "of all things philosophy it may indeed prove useful.

So then what about compositional decisions? Here is the "non-rationalistic "or "music as humanism "perspective is to start the less the relevant than the case of having to execute a particularly tricky octave meet at the end of a long phrase. So what does influence our understanding of compositional decisions that confront us?

We perhaps must first look at the claims which any particular method make, and what it is able to assert about, most salient way, about sound specifically. A theory that concentrates more on attitudes towards sound rather than sound itself, must admittedly be recognized as being at one step removed, like directing us not to look at a painting as much as to consider his reception by the crowd circled around it.

